PR-Atlas-Workflow-Phase-Contract (#904)
canfieldjuan/ATLAS: AGENTS.md

| Section | Purpose |
|---|---|
| **Why this slice exists** | What's broken / what's missing / what audit item this closes. Tie to a prior plan, audit finding, or a concrete user request. |

> | **Scope (this PR)** | The narrow surface this PR touches. Start with `Slice phase: <phase>.` Numbered list of intent. List of files in a "Files touched" subsection. |

Author: "Start with `Slice phase: <phase>.`" conflicts with established practice and this PR's own plan, which start Scope with `Ownership lane: <lane>` then `Slice phase:`. `Ownership lane` isn't codified as a Scope rule anywhere in AGENTS.md (only referenced at line 250 in HARDENING triage), so this is the first place Scope-start order is specified - and it mandates phase-first while every PR is lane-first. Give the two metadata lines a defined order that matches practice (and codify the lane line, since the cross-session drift guard depends on it):

```suggestion
| **Scope (this PR)** | The narrow surface this PR touches. Start with an `Ownership lane: <lane>` line, then a `Slice phase: <phase>` line, then a numbered list of intent and a "Files touched" subsection. |
```

- [ ] CI green (extracted-checks ✅, Vercel ✅).
- [ ] Plan doc has all 7 required sections.

> - [ ] Plan, PR body, and commit message name a `Slice phase`, and the

Author: Gating LGTM on the commit message naming a `Slice phase` is hard to honor pre-merge: squash-merge composes the final commit message at merge time (GitHub default = PR title + body), so the phase line is either auto-inherited from the PR body or lives only in intermediate commits the reviewer can't see. Realistically the reviewer checks plan + PR body. Consider scoping this to plan + PR body until the deferred `local_pr_review.sh` enforcement lands, or note the commit-message phase is verified at merge rather than at review.
